Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to create the court, provide class.
But before then, in the last lecture, we created this class called Cart Attributes.
And in order for us to be able to add items to our cots, we passed in all these fields.
That is the products ID, the product tie to.
The products quantity, which is how many products we have in stock, the product price and the product's
immeasurable.
And in order for us to be able to fill two of these fields, we pass it on to the constructor and as
well made it required.
Okay.
Now, before we create the card provider class, what they're going to do first is we're going to change
the string to the D2 type of heads because there's going to be a number.
Okay.
Now, over this provider class, we're going to create a new file and be able to call this high cards.
While the score provider date is six year old, which is dot dot.
Okay.
And now I can use control a B to make this white.
Now you're going to create a class, and that's what we can call this class cuts provider.
Okay.
Then we can see it with change.
Notifier.
Okay, great.
Now as well over this attributes because as we'll see with change.
Notifier.
This was simply listening for a change we are making to this model and as well to discards.
Okay.
We don't need to this culture be to make this way again.
Now we can say my.
They're going to do some sort of similar like that products.
Okay.
They're going to see my is going to be a string.
Then coma and the cat.
Model which record cat attributes.
Okay.
We're going to create a variable to store this.
So you're going to see all the scorecards items.
Okay.
Equality is equal to.
This.
Okay, now we're going to leave this empty, this useless negativity.
One so hard item to their cost, right?
Okay.
And now we can add this and call the way.
Now the next thing we're going to do, we are going to read some discourse items just the same way we
did.
Okay.
Right.
Or I'm going to be doing something a bit similar to this.
What is going to be different?
Okay.
So we're going to go back to the cuts, the school products.
So records on this call provider.
Okay.
In order to return this, they are going to create a method to return this items.
So it is costs what is called cost items.
Okay.
Now I'm going to say my.
And strange.
Although the Cards model with record cards attributes.
Right.
Okay.
Idea.
Trying to.
And you're going to notice it gets then gets cuts.
I tell.
Right.
Okay, then all we just have to say is Richard.
That's right.
You can now see on the score cards items.
Right now, what we can as well do.
A census is a map.
We can just do this.
You can just leave it that way.
What?
We can as well go like this.
And had wanted to.
Okay.
So he does.
Right.
So this basically adds.
And now we have access to all the attributes over this card.
We'll do.
Right.
Okay.
Now I can use control and save this fire.
And control.
And safe to say, if you don't understand, if you don't understand, this is absolutely fine.
I believe when we start when you start saying this, they're going to understand everything.
Right.
And you can as well has me questions.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.